Answers to Popular Questions About Temu
 | Zopi Help DeskZopi Help DeskEnglishGo to websiteFAQRelated articlesWhy can't I find some orders in Order List?How to edit your product information after pushing to Shopify store?How to Handle the Product Cost Mismatches Between Zopi and AliExpressWhat will happen when you uninstall and re-install our Zopi app?How to create a staff account, and/or why does support team need it?Can I sync my product information from another Apps to your Zopi Apps?Does our app integrate with another sources more than AliExpress, like Alibaba, Amazon, etc. ?Why is your order's status not changed to Order placed?Articles on: FAQAnswers to Popular Questions About Temu1. Can I dropship on Temu?The platform currently does not have policies regarding Temu dropshipping. It’s essential to consider this when dropshipping with Temu. To do so, you have to follow Temu’s rules and use their orange boxes to ship products from their platform. However, you can still use Temu for two main purposes:To identify trending productsTo source products as a supplier2. Is Temu a reliable supplier for dropshipping?Yes. You can expect their products to have some of the most affordable prices in the market. Plus, Zopi now works with Temu as a supplier, which simplifies the process of sourcing and dropshipping Temu products.3. How can I find the most popular products on Temu?You can look at their top-rated and best-selling items in the sections below:The Best Sellers section is a trustworthy place to begin our search. Here, we’ll discover carefully selected lists of products that have shown steady performance in terms of sales and demand.The 5-Star Rated section displays products that have earned excellent reviews and ratings from customers. If we want to find high-quality products, we should check out the products under this tab.The New Arrivals section enables us to follow the newest trends. This is the section to browse if we want modern and creative products for our customers.Filtering by category is also the key to the power of the previously mentioned features. Additionally, you can find out best-selling products at various times such as “overall” or within the last week/month).4. How Long Does Temu Take To Ship?The order processing and shipping is the same for all shipping locations. However, order delivery may take shorter or longer time depending on the location of the shipping address. You can take a look at the table below for more details on shipping:If your package has not been delivered or your tracking information shows that your package has been delivered but you have not received it, please contact the Temu Support Team immediately and within 90 days of the order date.5. What is the exchanges and returns policy on Temu?Temu actually doesn't accept exchanges, but you can place a new order and initiate a return of the existing order. Almost all items are eligible for returns and refunds within 90 days from the purchase date. The few exceptions are for:    - Clothing items that have been worn, washed, damaged, or have had tags, packaging, or hygiene stickers removed, or are part of an incomplete set.    - Items specifically labeled as non-returnable.    - Customized items.    - Some free gifts.You can track your return status by going to your Temu account. From there, you will be able to track the status of your return, when we receive your package, and when your refund has been issued.6. What’s The Difference Between Temu and AliExpress?Compared to Temu, which is a relatively new platform, AliExpress is an established and trusted dropshipping supplier already. Depending on your preferences and needs, you may find one platform more suitable than the other. For example, if you are looking for a wide variety of products, higher quality, and quicker shipping, you may prefer AliExpress. However, if you are looking for lower prices, faster delivery, and better returns, you may prefer Temu.For any further concerns or problems, please do not hesitate to contact us via the Live chat window on the right screen or email us via support@zopi.ioUpdated on: 06/03/2024Was this article helpful?YesNoShare your feedbackSend My FeedbackCancelThank you!Not finding what you are looking for?Chat with us or send us an email.Chat with us© 2024 Zopi Help DeskWe run on Crisp Knowledge.