What are the benefit of Collaborators?
 | Zopi Help DeskZopi Help DeskEnglishGo to websiteFAQRelated articlesWhy can't I find some orders in Order List?How to edit your product information after pushing to Shopify store?How to Handle the Product Cost Mismatches Between Zopi and AliExpressWhat will happen when you uninstall and re-install our Zopi app?How to create a staff account, and/or why does support team need it?Can I sync my product information from another Apps to your Zopi Apps?Does our app integrate with another sources more than AliExpress, like Alibaba, Amazon, etc. ?Why is your order's status not changed to Order placed?Articles on: FAQWhat are the benefit of Collaborators?What is the benefit of Collaborators?   Our support again can use it to log in, and our access to your store can be set to expire. Collaborators also don't count towards your staff limit.  Why do we need a Collaborators account?   In some difficult situations, we (FireApps) need to log in to your account in order to investigate your issue(s) deeper and fix your issue(s), but you cannot create any more staff accounts due to your staff account limit in Shopify, so we will help you send the invitation for Collaborators account to access to your account instead.  After you accept our request email, the collaborator's account is listed in the Collaborators section on the Plan and permissions page in your Shopify admin.  Then we could log in to your account to check your issue(s), and take care of the rest for you.  What permissions should you give us?   In the general case, we (Fireapps) only need some basic access permissions including Products, Apps, Theme (and Orders) access permission (Orders permission is needed if you have another problem with Ali Orders app).  In Some special cases, we could need more permissions if needed.  How you could accept the invitation for the Collaborators account?   Simply click the link in the invitation email to accept the invitation.   You accidentally rejected a request, how you can get it back?   Don't worry.  Just contact us via our live chat channel or our email at support@fireapps.io to request us to resend the invitation for Collaborators account.   How to remove collaborators account.   You can permanently remove collaborators from your store. This action cannot be undone.   Steps:   Log in as the store owner. From your Shopify admin, click Settings, and then click Users and Permissions or Account. In the Collaborators section, click the collaborator's name. In the Remove collaborator account section, click Delete collaborator account or Remove collaborator account. In the confirmation dialog, click Delete.  Note: If you haven't set up a single login, then you'll see Account instead of Plan and permissions.   The collaborator (we) is permanently deleted from your store and no longer appears in the Collaborators list on your Users and Permissions page and can no longer access your store.   If you want to give a collaborator access again, then you must ask the collaborator (we) to resend the collaborator request. See Giving partners access to your store for more information.   Hope this would be helpful for you!   If you have any concerns or problems, please do not hesitate to contact us via the Live chat window on the right screen or email us via support@zopi.ioUpdated on: 18/01/2024Was this article helpful?YesNoShare your feedbackSend My FeedbackCancelThank you!Not finding what you are looking for?Chat with us or send us an email.Chat with us© 2024 Zopi Help DeskWe run on Crisp Knowledge.